About The Course
The department of science and Humanities plays a vital role in grooming the students with the basic knowledge of sciences and language. The department offers Engineering Mathematics, Statistics and Analytics, Communication Skills , Project Management Skills, Environmental Sustainability and Kannada, devoted for all round development of first year students. Kannada is also offered in second year as well.
The department of Science and Humanities is strengthened by experienced lecturers. The faculty is highly qualified and well experienced in academic activities.
The department has well equipped laboratory of Statistics and Analytics and English language Laboratory for the effective Communication Skills among the students.
The average teaching experience of faculty members is more than ten years. In both Theory and Practical classes, students are given individual attention. Faculty members increase healthy interaction with students in both academic and personal matters, which leads to excellent academic performance of the student.
The department of Science and Humanities is supported by seven members of faculty in field of Science, English and Kannada. Most of the faculty in the department employs ICT based teaching via tools like Google Classroom, Google Forms, Teachmint , PowerPoint Presentation etc.
From Hod's Desk
Welcome to JSS Polytechnic, Nanjangud, Department of Science and Humanities. I am pleased to get connected to you and share my message this way.
The Department has a rich curriculum and allied activities to provide Comprehensive Education for Diploma graduates.
The Department correlates with six diploma Programs , namely Electronics and Communication Engineering , Mechanical Engineering , Civil Engineering , Mechatronics Engineering , Computer Science Engineering , Electrical and Electronics Engineering. The department has adequate academic and teaching staff.
The mission of the department is to produce the top Quality Education and to conduct leading edge Programmes. My Sincere thanks to all the faculty members and the students who contribute so much to the success of the department.
Dept. Vision
The Science and Humanities department works as a team to make all the students By inculcating knowledge and understanding of engineering sciences with social, ethical and moral values, to make them a smart worker rather than being a hard Worker alone.
Dept. Mission
M1	To make the students familiar with Scientific and Mathematical concepts, Communications Skills and campus life style.
M2	To provide a unique learning environment for the students at par with the global technical work force, building confidence, character and human values.
M3	To encourage advanced teaching learning process at individual, department and institutional level.
M4	To mould the student to be a better decision maker.
Programme Outcome
PO1	Basic and Discipline specific knowledge	Apply knowledge of basic mathematics, science and engineering fundamentals and engineering specialization to solve the engineering problems.
PO2	Problem analysis	Identify and analyze well-defined engineering problems using codified standard methods.
PO3	Design/ development of solutions	Design solutions for well-defined technical problems and assist with the design of systems components or processes to meet specified needs.
PO4	Engineering Tools, Experimentation and Testing	Apply modern engineering tools and appropriate technique to conduct standard tests and measurements.
PO5	Engineering practices for society, sustainability and environment	Apply appropriate technology in context of society, sustainability, environment and ethical practices.
PO6	Project Management	Use engineering management principles individually, as a team member or a leader to manage projects and effectively communicate about well-defined engineering activities.
PO7	Life-long learning	Ability to analyze individual needs and engage in updating in the context of technological changes.