For Regular Diploma Programme
The candidate must be a citizen of India and should have passed Karnataka S.S.L.C or Equivalent Examination by securing not less than 35% marks in aggregate as per A.I.C.T.E norms or as prescribed by A.I.C.T.E from time to time by Notification. Also the candidate should have completed at least five full academic years of study in Karnataka between 1st Standard and qualifying examination (Study of one class for one year will be treated as one academic year). Note: Candidates who have passed the 10th standard exam conducted by CBSC/ICSC and other states (10th Standard) shall produce Eligibility Certificates obtained from the Secretary, Board Of Technical Examinations, Palace Road, Bengaluru.
LATERAL ENTRY ADMISSIONS
For Lateral Entry into Second year / III Semester of the three year diploma programme, the candidates shall have:
1. Passed 10+2 Examination with Physics and Chemistry as compulsory subjects along with Mathematics/Biology subject. OR
2. Passed 10+2 Science (with Mathematics as one of the subjects) Or 10+2 Science with Technical Vocational subject. OR
3. 10th + (2 years ITI) with appropriate Trade in that order shall be eligible for admission to second year diploma courses of appropriate programme.
DURATION OF PERIODS IN THE CLASS TIME TABLE
The duration of each period in a day is 1 hour and the total periods of instruction/seminars/tutorial hours in a day excluding lunch break & intervals if any should be uniformly maintained as 7 hours from Monday to Friday and 5 hours on Saturday (Theory and Practical). Total workload per week shall be 40 hours. ATTENDANCE REQUIREMENT In each semester, the candidate to be Eligible for examination shall obtain a minimum attendance of 75% in each course (subject) with a provision of condonation of 15% of the attendance by the Secretary, Board of Technical Examination on the specific recommendation of the Principal on the reasons such as medical grounds, International/ National/ State level sports, NCC, NSS and such other social programs of national interest.
ATTENDANCE REQUIREMENT
In each semester, the candidate to be Eligible for examination shall obtain a minimum attendance of 75% in each course (subject) with a provision of condonation of 15% of the attendance by the Secretary, Board of Technical Examination on the specific recommendation of the Principal on the reasons such as medical grounds, International/ National/ State level sports, NCC, NSS and such other social programs of national interest.