About The Course
Civil engineers plan, design, and supervise the construction and maintenance of building and infrastructure projects. These projects may include facilities, bridges, roads, tunnels, and water and sewage systems. Civil Engineering department laboratories are well equipped with latest computerized instruments like Total Station, GPS, modernized Hydraulics and Material testing lab. This will helps to give hands on training to students. Due to these skill trainings, it will help the students placed in major construction companies.
From Hod's Desk
The department offers diploma program leading to diploma degrees. The department has well experienced and dedicated faculty, skilled technical staff and well equipped laboratories. These laboratories are recognized by PWD and land army as nodal center for conducting construction material testing. The department has been always in the forefront in taking industrial consultancy assignments. The faculty members take personal care, council the students and motivate them at regular intervals. Further, the parents/guardians are informed about their attendance and progress of their ward. Tutorial and remedial classes are conducted to encourage the slow learners. Personality development, English communication and yoga classes are also conducted
Dept. Vision
Develop globally competent Civil Engineering professionals in an environment conducive to learn technical knowledge, skills, moral values and ethics, to serve the society and make the world a better place to live in.
Dept. Mission
M1	To provide an academic environment, through competitive curriculum in collaboration with industry, conducive for high quality education focusing on transfer of knowledge and skill development for the benefit of the profession and the society.
M2	To nurture talent in students to enable them to be leaders in their chosen Professions while maintaining the highest level of ethics..
M3	To promote the spirit of enquiry, innovation, life skills and to encourage entrepreneurship.
M4	To foster effective interactions and networking with all the stakeholders so as to work towards the growth and sustainability of the society and environment.
Program Educational Objectives
PEO1	To apply technical knowledge and management principles in analyzing and planning problems in the field of Civil Engineering, while ensuring maximization of economic benefits to society and minimization of damage to ecology and environment.
PEO2	To be life-long learners with spirit of enquiry and zeal to acquire new knowledge and skills so as to remain contemporary and possess required professional skills.
PEO3	To enhance entrepreneurial, communication and other soft skills, which will enable them to work globally as leaders, team members and contribute to nation building for the betterment of the society.
PEO4	To make them strongly committed to the highest levels of professional ethics and focus on ensuring quality, adherence to public policy and law, safety, reliability and environmental sustainability in all their professional activities.
Programme Outcome
PO1	Basic and Discipline specific knowledge	Apply knowledge of basic mathematics, science and engineering fundamentals and engineering specialization to solve the engineering problems.
PO2	Problem analysis	Identify and analyze well-defined engineering problems using codified standard methods.
PO3	Design/ development of solutions	Design solutions for well-defined technical problems and assist with the design of systems components or processes to meet specified needs.
PO4	Engineering Tools, Experimentation and Testing	Apply modern engineering tools and appropriate technique to conduct standard tests and measurements.
PO5	Engineering practices for society, sustainability and environment	Apply appropriate technology in context of society, sustainability, environment and ethical practices.
PO6	Project Management	Use engineering management principles individually, as a team member or a leader to manage projects and effectively communicate about well-defined engineering activities.
PO7	Life-long learning	Ability to analyze individual needs and engage in updating in the context of technological changes.
Programme SPECIFIC OUTCOMES
PSO1	The graduates will have the ability to plan, analyses, design, execute and maintain cost effective civil engineering structures without overexploitation of natural resources.
PSO2	The graduates of civil engineering program will have the ability to take up employment, entrepreneurship, research and development for sustainable civil society.
PSO3	The graduates will be able to peruse opportunities for personal and professional growth, higher studies, demonstrate leadership skills and engage in lifelong learning by active participation in the civil engineering profession.
PSO4	The graduates will be able to demonstrate professional integrity and an appreciation of ethical, environmental, regulatory and issues related to civil engineering projects.