Dept. Vision
To continuously thrive in achieving excellence for providing competent Electronics and communication professional with knowledge, skills and ethical values to the industry and society
Dept. Mission
M1	To impart high quality technical education in electronics and Communication Engineering through state of art infrastructure, highly qualified and competent faculty with best educational methods.
M2	Enable students to develop skills to face the challenges of modern technology with confidence and ease and also provide a framework for promoting collaborative and multidisciplinary activities.
M3	Enable students to develop skills to face the challenges of modern technology with confidence and ease and also provide a framework for promoting collaborative and multidisciplinary activities.
M4	To provide updated facilities and environment to the students, faculty members for continuous improvement and lifelong learning.
Program Educational Objectives
PEO1	To prepare students for competent career in industry to meet the needs of Indian and Global companies or to become entrepreneur in the field of Electronics and Communication engineering.
PEO2	To provide opportunity for students to work in individual capacity and in teams under Multidisciplinary domains.
PEO3	To provide opportunity for students to work in individual capacity and in teams under Multidisciplinary domains.
PEO4	Identify and encourage applications of mind, creation, innovation and in querying
Programme Outcome
PO1	Basic and Discipline specific knowledge	Apply knowledge of basic mathematics, science and engineering fundamentals and engineering specialization to solve the engineering problems.
PO2	Problem analysis	Identify and analyze well-defined engineering problems using codified standard methods.
PO3	Design/ development of solutions	Design solutions for well-defined technical problems and assist with the design of systems components or processes to meet specified needs.
PO4	Engineering Tools, Experimentation and Testing	Apply modern engineering tools and appropriate technique to conduct standard tests and measurements.
PO5	Engineering practices for society, sustainability and environment	Apply appropriate technology in context of society, sustainability, environment and ethical practices.
PO6	Project Management	Use engineering management principles individually, as a team member or a leader to manage projects and effectively communicate about well-defined engineering activities.
PO7	Life-long learning	Ability to analyze individual needs and engage in updating in the context of technological changes.