Dept. Vision
To provide an academic environment to inculcate Training based Technical Education, Entrepreneurship skill and ethics
Dept. Mission
M1	To Facilitate academic environment with outcome based education system for transfer of knowledge and skill
M2	To encourage students to participate in industry institution interaction program to update with recent technology and to develop leadership qualities in their chosen domain and to maintain a good association with all stake holders
Program Educational Objectives
PEO1	Analyze ,design and solve problem related to mechanical Engineering and adapt tochange in technology by self learning
PEO2	Work effectively as individual and in a team, exhibiting leadership qualities to meet thegoal of project or organization
PEO3	Work with professionalism and concern for environment to meet the social needs
PEO4	Engage in higher learning leading to degrees or certification.
Programme Outcome
PO1	Basic and Discipline specific knowledge	Apply knowledge of basic mathematics, science and engineering fundamentals and engineering specialization to solve the engineering problems.
PO2	Problem analysis	Identify and analyze well-defined engineering problems using codified standard methods.
PO3	Design/ development of solutions	Design solutions for well-defined technical problems and assist with the design of systems components or processes to meet specified needs.
PO4	Engineering Tools, Experimentation and Testing	Apply modern engineering tools and appropriate technique to conduct standard tests and measurements.
PO5	Engineering practices for society, sustainability and environment	Apply appropriate technology in context of society, sustainability, environment and ethical practices.
PO6	Project Management	Use engineering management principles individually, as a team member or a leader to manage projects and effectively communicate about well-defined engineering activities.
PO7	Life-long learning	Ability to analyze individual needs and engage in updating in the context of technological changes.