About The Course
From Hod's Desk
Welcome to the Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering, JSS Polytechnic, Nanjangud, Karnataka. As a well-known fact, we cannot imagine the world without electricity, and nowadays, the Electrical and Electronic devices have become an essential and inevitable part of our daily lives. The Department focus is to train our students to get strong academic knowledge in the frontier areas of both Electrical and Electronics Engineering and also to make the students ready to face real-world challenges. The Department has a rich blend of young and highly-experienced regular faculty members, holding B.E & M.Tech from reputed institutes. The faculty members display a high level of dedication and enthusiasm.
The Department faculties have sound knowledge in emerging research areas like Adaptive & Robust control schemes for power electronic applications, High voltage pulse power system, Electrical Machines and Drives, Control of Electric vehicle and energy management, Power system optimization and Active distribution networks, Home energy management and Smart grid technologies. The department is active in organizing the various workshops and seminars for the growth and development of faculty and students knowledge.
At present, the department offers a 3-year programme in Electrical and Electronics Engineering. The focus of this curriculum is keeping in view with the current and upcoming industry requirements in future (Industry 4.0).
The Electrical and Electronics Engineering graduate has a wide range of career opportunities in Power industries, Government PSUs, R&D Units, IT industries, Electricity Boards/Utility companies, Telecommunications industries, Manufacturing industries, Private industrial firms and Startup companies.
Dept. Vision
To Develop highly competitive Electrical Engineers to serve industry and society through knowledge, creativeness and by innovative approach.
Dept. Mission
M1	To impact high quality technical education in Electrical and Electronics Engineering through state of art infrastructure, highly qualified and competent faculty with best educational methods.
M2	Enable students to develop skills to face the challenges of modern technology with confidence and care and also provide a framework for promoting collaboration and multidisciplinary activities.
M3	To encourage students for higher education, entrepreneurial and ethical future.
M4	To provide updated facilities and environment to the students, faculty members for continuous improvement and lifelong learning.
Program Educational Objectives
PEO1	Demonstrate, update and adapt domain knowledge in the area of Electrical and Electronics and the allied fields to propose the solution for the core industry in the ever changing global enterprise with ethical practices.
PEO2	Assume leadership roles and succeed in their chosen career path, in industry or public service through engineering ability, life skills and multidisciplinary skill set acquired.
PEO3	Pursue higher education institutes of national level.
Programme Outcome
PO1	Basic and Discipline specific knowledge	Apply knowledge of basic mathematics, science and engineering fundamentals and engineering specialization to solve the engineering problems.
PO2	Problem analysis	Identify and analyze well-defined engineering problems using codified standard methods.
PO3	Design/ development of solutions	Design solutions for well-defined technical problems and assist with the design of systems components or processes to meet specified needs.
PO4	Engineering Tools, Experimentation and Testing	Apply modern engineering tools and appropriate technique to conduct standard tests and measurements.
PO5	Engineering practices for society, sustainability and environment	Apply appropriate technology in context of society, sustainability, environment and ethical practices.
PO6	Project Management	Use engineering management principles individually, as a team member or a leader to manage projects and effectively communicate about well-defined engineering activities.
PO7	Life-long learning	Ability to analyze individual needs and engage in updating in the context of technological changes.